Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.

It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly. ~ Isaac Asimov
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again. ~ James R. Cook
A pearl is a beautiful thing that is produced by an injured life. It is the tear [that results] from the injury of the oyster. The treasure of our being in this world is also produced by an injured life. If we had not been wounded, if we had not been injured, then we will not produce the pearl. ~ Stephan Hoeller
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.

In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. ~ Albert Camus
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was. ~ Richard L. Evans
If you’re going through Hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
Issue a blanket pardon. Forgive everyone who has ever hurt you in any way. Forgiveness is a perfectly selfish act. It sets you free from the past. ~ Brian Tracey
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. ~ Napoleon Hill
Never react emotionally to criticism. Analyze yourself to determine whether it is justified. If it is, correct yourself. Otherwise, go on about your business. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.

Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. ~ Confucius.
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever. ~ Lance Armstrong
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. ~ St. Francis of Assisi

Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. ~ Helen Keller

A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. ~ Chinese Proverb
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll. ~ Author Unknown
If you want to test your memory, try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago today. ~ E. Joseph Cossman

Fall seven times, stand up eight. ~ Japanese proverb
Depression is a prison where you are both the suffering prisoner and the cruel jailer. ~ Dorothy Rowe
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can change his life by changing his attitude of mind. ~ William James
Many of life's failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. ~ Thomas Edison
You miss % of the shots you don't take. ~ Wayne Gretzky
The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen. ~ Elisabeth Kübler-Ross
The darkest hour has only sixty minutes.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. ~ George S. Patton
Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget about everything except what you're going to do now - and do it. ~ William Durant
Minds are like parachutes, they function only when open. ~ Unknown Author
Pursue, keep up with, circle round and round your life, as a dog does his master's chaise. Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still. ~ Thoreau
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
When one door closes, another opens. But we often look so regretfully upon the closed door that we don't see the one that has opened for us. ~ Alexander Graham Bell
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. ~ Albert Einstein

To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. ~ Oscar Wilde

Getting better from depression demands a lifelong commitment. I've made that commitment for my life's sake and for the sake of those who love me. ~ Susan Polis Schutz

Once you choose hope, anything is possible. ~ Christopher Reeve

A pearl is a beautiful thing that is produced by an injured life. It is the tear [that results] from the injury of the oyster. The treasure of our being in this world is also produced by an injured life. If we had not been wounded, if we had not been injured, then we will not produce the pearl. ~ Stephan Hoeller

If you could only sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to the people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person. ~ Fred Rogers

What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly. ~ Richard Bach

Keep yourself busy if you want to avoid depression. For me, inactivity is the enemy. ~ Matt Lucas

Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. ~ Thich Nhat Hanh

Maybe you have to know the darkness before you can appreciate the light. ~ Madeleine L'Engle

Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keep friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment. ~ Greenville Kleisser

Ring the bells that still can ring. Forget your perfect offering. There is a crack, a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in. ~ Leonard Cohen

There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind. ~ C. S. Lewis

The greatest degree of inner tranquility comes from the development of love and compassion. The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater is our own sense of well-being. ~ Tenzin Gyatso

Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections but instantly set about remedying them -- every day begin the task anew

I think, therefore I am.

Truly, it is in the darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us.

You shall be free indeed when your days are not without a care nor your nights without want and a grief. But rather when these things girdle your life and yet you rise above them naked and unbound.

Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning how to dance in the rain.

Do not wait until the conditions are perfect to begin. Beginning makes the conditions perfect. ~ Alan Cohen

When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. ~ Helen Keller

So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains and we never even know we have the key. ~ The Eagles

It is never too late to live happily ever after. ~ Anonymous

Positive thoughts and prayer have been the best means available, since the beginning of time, to transform darkness to light. ~ Cate Stevens

Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.


Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.

You become what you think about. ~ Earl Nightingale

Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don’t give up. ~ Anne Lamott

People spend a lifetime searching for happiness; looking for peace. They chase idle dreams, addictions, religions, even other people, hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them. The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within. ~ Ramona L. Anderson

Our greatest glory is not in never failing but in rising up every time we fail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson

Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. ~ African Proverb

We will find only what we look for, nothing more and nothing less. ~ Anonymous

The soul is dyed the color of its thoughts. Think only on those things that are in line with your principles and can bear the light of day. The content of your character is your choice. Day by day, what you choose, what you think, and what you do is who you become. Your integrity is your destiny … it is the light that guides your way. ~ Heraclitus

No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible. ~ George Chakiris

It is often in the darkest skies that we see the brightest stars. ~ Richard Evans

Even in the midst of devastation, something within us always points the way to freedom. ~ Sharon Salzberg

In a moment of clarity, out of nowhere, I saw that when I believed my thoughts I suffered and when I questioned my thoughts I didn’t suffer, and I have come to see that this is true for every human being. ~ Bryon Katie

Experience is not what happens to you, it is what you do with what happens to you. ~ Aldous Huxley

When we calm our mind, our thoughts, our complete being, we create in and around us a beautiful glow of positivity and peace. ~ Zeenat Merchant Syal

When you adopt a positive mindset, you are harnessing the power of choice. ~ Victor Schueller

When you have come to the edge of all light that you know and are about to drop off into the darkness of the unknown, Faith is knowing one of two things will happen: There will be something solid to stand on or you will be taught to fly. ~ Patrick Overton

Every morning is a fresh beginning. Every day is the world made new. Today is a new day. Today is my world made new. I have lived all my life up to this moment, to come to this day. This moment…this day…is as good as any moment in all eternity. I shall make of this day…each moment of this day…a heaven on earth. This is my day of opportunity. ~ Dan Custer

Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. ~ Theodore Roosevelt

A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. ~ Lao Tzu

Don’t be afraid if things seem difficult in the beginning. That’s only the initial impression. The important thing is not to retreat; you have to master yourself. ~ Olga Korbut

You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt

The best way out is always through. ~ Robert Frost

The power is in you. The answer is in you. And you are the answer to all your searches: you are the goal. You are the answer. It’s never outside.  ~ Eckhart Tolle

If all you can do is crawl, start crawling. ~ Rumi
